this is Vera on behalf of how to Expo
calm and I'll be preparing very popular
traditional salad called up to Sh
if you'd like to print this recipe visit
how to expose calm first thing you need
to do is get some pita bread and cut
them in squares and fry them until
they're golden brown then take them out
and put them on a paper towel and put
that on the side we'll be using this
later there's two ways to make fattoush
one is with romaine lettuce or the other
is with this vegetable right here called
/ De Lago in Spanish the Burger Rocco or
the bat in it you need to wash it just
pick pick the ends just like this and
wash it at least two to three times
until the bottom of the bowl there's no
sand residue you don't need to cut them
we're gonna use the leaves whole we're
gonna start with making the dressing
first use juice of two lemons
1 tablespoon of sumac - crushed garlic
if you don't like garlic you can always
omit the garlic but it really gives it
an extra flavour about half a teaspoon
of salt about 4 tablespoons extra virgin
olive oil do that a good mix we're gonna
use the hearts of the romaine lettuce so
we place the lettuce in the bowl we're
gonna add the Vertigo I've used about 2
bunches of verga wogo red pepper and 1
green bell pepper you can cut that up
this little squares 1 cup of cucumbers 3
small Tomatoes
one large tomato about half a bunch of
parsley chopped about two tablespoon of
fresh mint finely chopped also if you do
not have fresh mint you could use dry
mint and about three tablespoons of
green onions finely chopped after
putting all your ingredients in the bowl
you can place this in the fridge until
you're ready to serve you don't want to
put the dressing on there before you
serve or the vegetables will wilt so
let's go ahead and put the dressing that
we prepared earlier give it one more mix
smells amazing this point you can finish
fried peanut chips in the Middle East
this is very popular salad that's
usually served at every meal and is
specifically served when they sit down
and have something to drink like on a
fertile our dough is not readily
available in certain seasons therefore
you can just use the romaine lettuce you
can get the written directions on our
website and how to Expo com until next
time this is Kara